# CIS4330
Blog Post #1
Microservices provide a platform in which the infrastructure of an IT business is more managable. Microservices help make it more able to "independently build,test,package, and deploy scale components within an application". Using these implementations of independently working systems, higher volume of people using online services are more easily managed and are able to use the user interface with less bugs interfering with their work. This is why businesses such as Netflix and Amazon have adopted the use of microservices as an integral part of their infrastructure. Even if companies do not have to deal with user volume/capicity issues they can still benefit from implementing microservices to create new and innovative features in record time. Even though integration of these systems is slowly starting to become more and more prominent, microservice architecture is helping to create a more sustainable future. 

Blog Post #2
A large advantage to virtual machines is that they are able to run a different operating system from the one on the physical application. Virtual machines do not have to use most of the resources of the singular machine. Virtual machines make it easy to run the same processes that the native operating system runs. Containers are groups of processes that are running on the native operating system which is isolated from the other background processes. Containers contain their own separate namespaces and network configuration. The processes all work on the same operating system therefore you cannot have 2 separate operating systems like on a virtual machine. If you are doing a process which might need a lot of storage or processing capability, you might want to chose the physical machine over a virtual machine since virtual machines are running on an operating system that is not the same as the native operating system.
Microservices help with the use of microservices because they help create services that are inclusive of the data model which helps with the use of cloud services which consist of smaller components which have their own goals to achieve. They have their own stack and are able to be written in any language and executed in their own way. Microservices are very applicable in this environment because they help with delegation of tasks that occur in the cloud.


Blog Post #3
As my project topic I chose option number 1 "Adopting Microservices at Netflix: Lessions for Team and Process Design". As an avid netflix user I have always been interested in the logistics and the cloud computation model that keeps the design fresh and new. Without adopting microservices I believe that there are certain, aspects of a web relation model that is lost and keeps the model less prone to being revolutionary and changing with the time. There is a certain amount of man power that goes behind the development model of netflix which is able to provide streaming to millions of people on the daily. Whether it is the regular hustle and bustle of the development model that netflix adopted or even the microservices that are implemented, I believe that they are pioneers of this model of providing streaming to millions of people at the time. 

Blog Post #4
I had a lot of trouble getting the docker to run on my computer and still have not gotten it to run fully yet therefore I am going to explain the process I went through to try and make this work on my laptop. I first checked my windows requirements to see if I had the correct version of windows installed to ensure that I would be able to install the program because when I ran the installer for the first time I was prompted by a warning window that said that I did not have windows home installed. After I checked my version of windows by going into my computer properties it was shown that I had Windows 10 Home installed. Then after some research I found out that I had to install something called Windows Subsystem for linux. Then I went through the manual installation for this software in which would then prompt me to run this process. I did all that was required in powershell to go through and make WSL 2 my default and enabled it in windows as well. Then there is a certain critera that I realized that I might have missed which was virtualization being enabled. I then went into my bios through entering the boot meniand checked to see if virtaulization was enabled which it was. Then I tried to install the docker program again after restarting my PC but then when I ran it again it prompted me with the same message of my version of windows not being able to support the docker program even though all the requirement were met. 
